Writing programs that that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable should always include every applicable use case scenario for the program. Adding functionality that would allow the program to remain current, reusable, modular, and extensible for future use. This will be helpful for the Python CRUD module in particular as it could be used later to interface with other MongoDB instance(s). All code files should follow industry standard best practices, including well-commented code, and following a logical order in coding. Making code modular such that each module contains everything necessary to execute only one aspect of the desired functionality will make adaptability to data types easy. 
My approach as a computer scientist towards a problem typically involves a methodical and analytical approach that takes into consideration several key factors such as business requirements, desired outcome, end-user perspective, tools, implementation approach, as well as resources needed to complete the ask/task efficiently.  My approach towards both the database, and dashboard requirements was significantly different in terms of tools and resources that were required to complete the project. Working with databases for a full stack project was fairly new to me, meaning I had to build the database, the CRUD module, and then build the Dash web app. Typically arrays and vectors, as well as objects themselves would be used as my storage mechanisms. When you are dealing with a lot of data, that can be a bit challenging. For such projects as the database and dashboard web application project, I think the CRUD module would be the best technique to implement. Aggregation will be a valuable tool when working with a lot of data and limited search time.
Computer scientists are problem solvers that serve to engineer and develop computer-based solutions to automate, optimize, facilitate or streamline processes in order to maximize efficiencies in our daily tasks. This matters because the work of computer scientists drive productivity and help in ensuring the health of almost every business/non-business organization from a data processing, problem solving, software maintenance, and design perspective. All of this is done by leveraging the power of computers. My work on these types of projects would help companies to do their work efficiently by building/designing systems that would make accessing information and/or data supporting their business processes, business workflow, resources, and solutions become more streamlined, hence maximize efficiency, security, and potentially ROI.
